hello everybody you know I am more cigs
this is another modern warfare 2 game
but unfortunately I didn't hit the
record button for the first six rounds
as you know my friend lunes gets his
chest blown off there you go but anyway
these are some sort this is a couple of
Search and Destroy rounds and I figured
out i'll upload these to keep you guys
entertained and the next full game
commentary will be up very very shortly
anyway as of late for with modern
warfare 2 as I look at that hard scope
oh yeah beautiful but uh as of late I've
been playing cert more search and
destroy I've actually I'm starting to
like it a little bit more and pretty
much I don't really care about model 42
anymore I just try to have more fun and
I decided I'm not going to break the
disc because I heard that all wings of
redemption i believe it was wings ever
done was it willing to no I blame truth
one of those as I get a nice quick scope
and this is a nice clutch clip i think i
would like to think it is as I was
actually I was lagging just a little bit
on this game so in this round I was
think i was on a european server i'm not
really sure but anyway there will be a
pretty sure they'll be a patch about the
one man army grenade launchers and
they're gonna fix commando so that's
what I heard and so yeah guys that's
what Robert Bowling said on Twitter as I
get a nice I get a text message right
there I don't know if you guys heard
that but anyway uh yeah so I'll decide
to keep it check it out let me know and
if they if they fix those problems this
game you know be a lot more enjoyable
anyway so yeah this game 3 tied 3-3 and
it's me versus I think for people not
really sure and uh I pull off I pull off
you know killing all of them now it's
pretty excited because I never I'm not I
don't play Search and Destroy that's not
like my major mode that I play and
they're right here there's nice fanboy
reaction check this out
Oh
the grill I think jump
dan even break a sweat nice one
but uh yeah that was my first uh like uh
reactions I was not not like fanboy
reactions I heard a lot of people
comment and stuff saying all the fanboy
reactions what that was my first like oh
so I felt special but uh anyway I just
also want to say congratulations to
seananners he's now with machinima and
Hutchins sock and all that stuff no
awesome job on his part he deserves a
hundred percent and what else did I want
to talk about also guys did you see the
the new xbox slim it's like two hundred
and fifty gigabytes has built in Wi-Fi
and this is this clip right here is
lunes versus six people and he pulls off
and kills all of them and he wanted me
to upload it I wanted to upload it and
so this me spectating him and guys like
I said before I'll say it again you know
we're not the greatest players in the
world we're just no group of guys like
having some fun and with modern warfare
two are like being in a party cuz I'll
have more fun and yeah so I'm actually
speeding this up a little bit because
I'm speeding this up a little bit cuz uh
it took like a couple minutes to kill
all the people anyway but yeah we just
try to have some fun with sniping and
everything and surgeons story we come
across a lot of snipers I come across a
lot of snipers and ump45 so here's lunes
is reactions let's give it a listen you
know you're there go look in the closet
maybe over time personally I thought you
know mine my reaction was better I'm
only kidding which illumines and loons
is uh he's your he's from Europe is from
London and he's majority of pretty much
him and a few other people who i play
with with call of duty and he's one of
the he's one I like the best like team
teammates i have like that i play with
because i've been pretty much playin
xbox xbox and suffer them for over two
years now so we just enjoy your now
playing Cole duty and shit like that
together so it's all good and guys and
also on my next full game commentary the
dual commentary contest like I said
before if you have if i have you added
on skype that's how you can participate
if you guys want to participate still
add me on skype it is for cigs RAC IGS
just type in that on the search bar and
guys if I was wondering if you were
curious about this round excuse me we
actually win because the loons again you
know he sniped the guy but anyway guys
thanks again and I will see you later